use ctlptl for creating test k8s clusters (#112)
adoptingerlang/adoptingerlang: adoptingerlang.org

- [[https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube][minikube]]: The oldest and most flexible option, that is also now an official part of the Kubernetes project. =minikube= offers support for various hypervisors and has an option to run without creating a new virtual machine, but it still suggests doing so within a Linux VM.
- [[https://k3s.io/][k3s]] and [[https://github.com/rancher/k3d][k3d]]: k3s is lightweight Kubernetes from [[https://rancher.com/][Rancher Labs]]. k3s removes legacy and non-default features to cut down on size and replaces etcd with SQLite3, making k3s a good option for CI and local testing. k3d is a helper for running k3s in Docker.
- [[https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/#kubernetes][Docker for Mac
  Kubernetes]]: The easiest to get going with when running on MacOS.
- [[https://docs.docker.com/desktop/kubernetes/][Docker for Windows]]: The easiest to get going with when running on Windows.

> All  of these, minus =microk8s=, is supported by =ctlptl=.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of these, minus =microk8s=, are supported by =ctlptl=.
```

*** Tilt for Local Development

[[https://tilt.dev/][Tilt]] is a tool for deploying and updating Docker images and Kubernetes deploys
locally for development purposes. By default it will only build and deploy

> services against a local Kubernetes, such as =kind=, =microk8s=, etc. to safe guard against accidentally sending your development environment into production!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
services against a local Kubernetes, such as =kind=, =microk8s=, etc. to safeguard against accidentally sending your development environment into production!
```

> The easiest way to get started with Tilt is using a registry within the local

Reviewer: I think it'd make sense to at least explain a registry for what, or put a link to the registry to explain it's for the docker images.

Author: good point.
